fix: rewrite readme (#400)
withastro/prettier-plugin-astro: README.md

To customize formatting behavior, see the [Configuration](#configuration) section below.

> ## Using in VS Code with the Prettier extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Formatting with the VS Code Prettier extension directly
```
I think something like this can help prime the reader for the fact that you're going to be talking about a DIFFERENT, other extension

Author: That's fine by me!

> **Note**

> > This section ONLY applies if you want to use Prettier's VS Code extension to format. [The Astro VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=astro-build.astro-vscode) uses Prettier and this plugin in the background to format, but does not support all of the features of the Prettier extension, such as the toolbar panel showing Prettier's status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The Astro VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=astro-build.astro-vscode) uses Prettier and this plugin (`prettier-plugin-astro`) to format your code. You will only need to install the VS Code Prettier extension separately for formatting if:

- You are not using Astro's VS Code extension.
- You want to use features of the Prettier extension that not supported by Astro's own VS Code extension, such as the toolbar panel showing Prettier's status.
```
What about something like this?

Author: Works for me! One day Prettier's extension will be less confusing to use and I'll remove this entire section, one day.
